README.md, before:

## ServerlessREST Assignment - Distributed Systems.

__Name:__ Jack Donohoe

This repository contains the implementation of a serverless REST API for the AWS platform. A CDK stack creates the infrastructure. The domain context of the API is movie reviews.

## Useful commands

* `npm run build`   compile typescript to js
* `npm run watch`   watch for changes and compile
* `npm run test`    perform the jest unit tests
* `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
* `cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
* `cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template

### API endpoints.

+ __POST /movies/reviews__ - add a movie review.
+ __GET /movies/reviews__ - Get all movie reviews.
+ __GET /movies/reviews/{reviewerName}__ - Get the reviews written by the named reviewer.
+ __GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews__ - Get all the reviews for a movie with the specified id.
+ __GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews?minRating=n__ - Get all the reviews for the movie with the specified ID with a rating greater than the minRating.
+ __PUT /movies/{movieId}/reviews/{reviewerName}__ - Updates the movie with the specified movie ID and written by the named reviewer.
+ __GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews/{reviewerName}__ - Get the review for the movie with the specified movie ID and written by the named reviewer (takes the same input as year endpoint).
+ __GET /movies/{movie}/reviews/{year}__ - Get the review for the movie with the specified movie ID and written in the specified year (takes the same input as reviewer name endpoint).
+ __GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews/{reviewerName}/translation?language=code__ - Get the review for the movie with the specified movie ID and written by the named reviewer with translated content.

### Auth API endpoints.

+ __POST /auth/signup__ - Sign up a new user.
+ __POST /auth/confirm-signup__ - Confirm a new user.
+ __POST /auth/signin__ - Sign in a user.
+ __GET /auth/signout__ - Sign out a user.

### API Gateways

![](./images/API_Resources_1.png)

![](./images/API_Resources_2.png)

### Authentication

![](./images/Authentication.png)

### Video
[Link to demo](https://youtu.be/USGedFoZWZc)

Commit message:

Updated README.md with Independent Learning section

README.md, after:

## ServerlessREST Assignment - Distributed Systems.

__Name:__ Jack Donohoe

This repository contains the implementation of a serverless REST API for the AWS platform. A CDK stack creates the infrastructure. The domain context of the API is movie reviews.

## Useful commands

* `npm run build`   compile typescript to js
* `npm run watch`   watch for changes and compile
* `npm run test`    perform the jest unit tests
* `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
* `cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
* `cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template

### API endpoints.

+ __POST /movies/reviews__ - add a movie review.
+ __GET /movies/reviews__ - Get all movie reviews.
+ __GET /movies/reviews/{reviewerName}__ - Get the reviews written by the named reviewer.
+ __GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews__ - Get all the reviews for a movie with the specified id.
+ __GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews?minRating=n__ - Get all the reviews for the movie with the specified ID with a rating greater than the minRating.
+ __PUT /movies/{movieId}/reviews/{reviewerName}__ - Updates the movie with the specified movie ID and written by the named reviewer.
+ __GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews/{reviewerName}__ - Get the review for the movie with the specified movie ID and written by the named reviewer (takes the same input as year endpoint).
+ __GET /movies/{movie}/reviews/{year}__ - Get the review for the movie with the specified movie ID and written in the specified year (takes the same input as reviewer name endpoint).
+ __GET /movies/{movieId}/reviews/{reviewerName}/translation?language=code__ - Get the review for the movie with the specified movie ID and written by the named reviewer with translated content.

### Auth API endpoints.

+ __POST /auth/signup__ - Sign up a new user.
+ __POST /auth/confirm-signup__ - Confirm a new user.
+ __POST /auth/signin__ - Sign in a user.
+ __GET /auth/signout__ - Sign out a user.

### API Gateways

![](./images/API_Resources_1.png)

![](./images/API_Resources_2.png)

### Authentication

![](./images/Authentication.png)

### Indpendent Learning
I used the AWS Translate service to incorporate translate options for review content. It is implemented in the following file:

```
../lambda/crud/translateReview.ts
```

The lambda function (translateReview.ts) uses AWS Translate to translate review text based on language codes provided by the user. The method fetches review content from DynamoDB and translates the content when the request is made.

I used the follwing links as reference when adding in the translate functionality:

- https://completecoding.io/typescript-translation-api/
- https://docs.aws.amazon.com/translate/latest/dg/security-iam-awsmanpol.html
- https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/v2/guide/permissions.html

### Video
[Link to demo](https://youtu.be/USGedFoZWZc)
